Hello, freak bitches. One day. We're all gonna have no hair.
And they're gonna look back at pictures of us. They're gonna go,
what the were they doing? What is that? Human race? Facial hair and.
Everyone looks.
The same. Yeah, no eyebrows, eyelashes.
I really think that's the future.
I think the future is those aliens for closing counters.
I think the reason why we have those archetype images in our head, it says,
we know that's where we're going. Have you ever.
Uh, talked to Paul Heller or looked at his stuff at all? Who's that?
He's like the Canadian alien dude.
They're all the same.
But he was, he was part of the government and.
He talks, oh, the government for sure.
He talk the truth. He specifically talks about the,
the like different types of aliens. Oh.
Well that makes him even more legit. Come on, Joe, for sure. With no evidence,
he definitely would tell us all about these all different kinds.
Of, yeah. You should look into it. You might wanna have them.
On. I have, unfortunately. And I'm saying there's no alien evidence.
I don't know him, but I know the, the whole alien alien.
Because you're an alien and you don't want people to know. I.
Think there's a business. It's okay. People that you.
Know about alien for.
Who you are, the problem is there's a business in telling people that, you know,
defense minister aliens would give us more tech. If we'd stop wars, right?
Let's play this. I wanna hear this. What's that? Oh, it's not, but it's on RT,
but why is he the one dude? He was on RT. Why.
He a special dude? Why didn't didn't he.
Talk to other? But it says on RT proof of aliens. He's.
Overwhelming. Chosen one. No.
That's just a picture of it. That's just a screenshot. Oh, what?
The Nintendo part. But he was on, right? Yeah. So he's gotta be,
there's gotta be a video of it. No, there's.
Many videos of Paul Heller watched.
And do, do you buy it when you listen to him? Talk, it makes me question.
Don't I like to.
Hear I'm interested. I like to hear his voice to see if my crazy radar goes off.
Just gimme a little piece. Tell us why.
Tell us Wiseman what you feel production.
Before the end. You got two different playing. Jamie's a Taber <laugh>.
Well, because I know that they are okay. And they've been, um,
as a matter of fact, um,
they've been visiting our planet for thousands of years.
And one of the cases that would interest you most,
if you give me two or three minutes to answer is, uh, during the cold war,
1961, there were about 50 UFOs in formation,
flying south from Russia to the across Europe and the,
uh, Supreme allied commander was very concerned, um,
and about ready to press when they turned around and went back over the north
pole. So they decided to do an investigation. What does that see?
And they investigated for three years and they decided that, um,
with absolute certainty that four species,
four different species at least had been visiting this planet it
for thousands of years. So that's, uh,
we have a long history of UFOs and of course there's been a lot more activity in
the last, uh, few decades since, uh, uh,
we invented the atomic bomb. And they're very concerned about, uh,
about that and the fact that, uh,
we might use it again and because the whole cosmos is a unity
and it affects not just us, but other people in the cosmos they're, uh,
very much afraid that we might be stupid enough to, uh,
start using atomic weapons again.
And this would be very add for us and for them as well.
So no serious scientist has ever publicly confirmed evidence of an encounter
with extraterrestrials. Why would scientists not confirm the fact if they exist?
I'm,
I'm afraid they must go out of their weight and not to find out because if they
did, you know,
even 10% of the amount of research I've done in the last eight years,
they would be as convinced as I am. I mean, they could do it even faster. Uh,
might take them a little longer when they didn't have a military background,
but, uh, there were so many wonderful books that tell these, these stories.
And, uh, and they've been authenticated. The,
the sightings have been authenticated by, uh, more than one witness and also by.
Radar. Okay. It's the same horses. They've been authenticated by witnesses.
That doesn't mean anything. There's no real video. There's no real photographs,
nothing looks good. Uh, a lot of people are talking about it,
but when you think about how many human beings there are,
there's 320 million plus in America. How many of them are crazy?
At least 1%. That's 3 million, 200,000 crazy people.
How many of 'em uh, really believe what they're saying at least half.
So you got a hundred. You, you got a lot of crazy people. Well.
This is one video. So I I've watched a couple of his, and it's just,
it's interesting to think about in terms of like, we're here.
It's all interesting. Think about the,
as soon as someone starts talking like that, he says they've been authenticated.
There was more than one witness. Mm-hmm <affirmative> that means nothing. Sure.
People are full. You just, I saw something doesn't mean anything you might have,
you might not have,
but if he's a hundred percent all in and he hasn't had a UFO experience himself,
mm-hmm <affirmative> then he's talking about that's fair. Well, then he,
then he seems gullible. Totally fair. I talk to a lot of those people.
I talk to those people that had been,
I talked to people that had implants pulled out of their body.
I talked to people that were experts. I.
Have seen. Oh, oh, it's.
Gone. What does it say? You seen one. Yeah, sure.
He said he seen one <laugh> well, it's something that gives me,
might thought. I don't know. I haven't seen one, but I'm curious he.
To know, but what he just said, there did not impress me.
Cuz he said that multiple people had seen it like more than one person had
confirmed it. That doesn't mean anything.
Like you could have five guys that lie.
That doesn't mean they might tell the truth. I.
Don't think so. Italians call 'em UFOs. My people do they? Yeah. UFOs.
Yeah. I've never heard that. That's a joke. Oh.
Wow. Two in a row.
How'd I do. Harry Potter was a fail, but I came back around.
It was an awful <laugh>.
Are we still still friends? Yes. A hundred percent. It's not to dismiss.
Thank God. It's not to dismiss the possibility of UFOs.
It's just that you gotta really be careful with how people talk about stuff.
Sure. You gotta be, you know,
if someone starts talking that they know something and they, well.
That's, that's one video.
I've watched a few of his videos and they were really interesting. He was,
he was speaking before Canadian Congress talking about this and um,
I I've watched a lot of it and entirety and it it's just worth thinking about
that's all. I don't know what the truth is. I I think sure please.
Yeah,
always just the fact that he has a lot of videos out there makes me wonder,
because that means that he's making a living doing this or this is a,
this is a gig. This is a thing he.
Does not when you're you're um, speaking before the Canadian Congress.
Of course, if he does a bunch of these other interviews of well,
and that allows him to speak in front of that's his thing. Sure.
His thing is I'm the guy who knows everything about UFOs. Right.
But if you were talking to scientists, they would say show us their evidence.
Right. Always there's nothing. That's the thing about these guys.
They all have stories and no one has any evidence. Yeah.
I mean, I, I don't have the evidence, but it.
Feels good to think that they're out. Right.
Yeah. I wanna know. I wanna know stuff.
I mean like look at all the that we have and we're here and all,
all the things that we, uh,
all the resources that we use and we're one planet in
a universe full of other planets.
That's all there. It is way up there.
I'm not afraid to say that. I'm I'm curious. I'm I think everybody.
And I think people generally, it feels like a normal thing to be like, yeah,
they're out there. But what I think is hard to accept,
I don't have hard evidence.
What's hard to accept is that they're communicating with us and only certain
people. Yeah. Like Paul hell or no.
Well maybe he does know, and maybe he has seen something,
but maybe he's full of. The problem is if you haven't seen it and I haven't,
or at least I don't think I have. And you're, you're talking about these things.
How much, how much time you spend thinking and talking about 'em like it, get,
it gets to become almost like a pathology.
Like why are you so invested in something that you don't even know is real,
but it becomes a thing that people are into,
like they're into baseball scores or they're into bowling. They get into UFO,
they get into it and then they start, I mean,
this dude's obviously making a career out of it. He's out there traveling. I.
Don't know that. I mean, I that's something to,
to investigate upon this conversation, but it makes,
it's made me think for years,
like I've seen some Paul Hellier videos and I'm just like, wow. Okay.
And it makes me think that's all maybe.
And it I'm cur I will always be curious about,
about aliens and psychics and all the.
It's. So it's controversial.
In that way where it's like yes or no. I just don't know. But I,
I don't to know. I'd love to keep learning.
I would too. But I think that with guys like this,
when you're talking about a subject, that's this mercurial,
this is such a difficult subject.
I think it's very important to only talk about the actual facts. Sure.
Like what we know,
we don't know if he wants to talk about his own personal experience.
That's one thing. But when you start talking about stories that you heard, like,
okay,
people are full of from the beginning of time telling stupid stories about wear
wolves and vampires. I think that's.
Saw a lot of damages done too. It's like, it's all, um,
derivative passed down like, oh, I heard this from this and this and this,
but you weren't there. So you don't know mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, mm-hmm,
<affirmative>,
it's like I'm reading this book about our brains and how our recollection of
a memory of memories and like eyewitnesses are usually inaccurate, inaccurate,
because you're, you don't really remember,
like you think you did and your brain lies to you and tells you that you saw
something a certain way. Right. And, and even that, like, I.
Don't know, it, it, that's, that's very important for people to know.
Absolutely, absolutely people,
a lot of people out there that think their memories are super.
Accurate. Well, and this ties into being wrong. This ties into being like,
I didn't see it the,
the way that I think I did and might have made a mistake and I'm sorry,
you know, like that's okay. That's important too,
because I think a lot of times when you have some big statement about something
that you believe in, or, or, or like,
if you want to get down to having some sort of, uh, trial of this or that,
and you say, I remember it just like this.
Right. It's and then you get dramatic and emotional and try to sell it.
It's you're selling it like you're running for Congress.
It's it's $40,000 a day. Uh.
Frightening. <laugh>.